Symantec Endpoint Security C2C Source (#4464)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/symantec-endpoint-security-source.md

---
id: symantec-endpoint-security-source
title: Symantec Endpoint Security Source
sidebar_label: Symantec Endpoint Security
tags:
  - cloud-to-cloud
  - symantec-endpoint-security

> description: Learn how to collect incident and incident events from the Symantec Endpoint Security platform.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to collect incident and incident events using the Symantec Endpoint Security source.
```
